Ross wants to become the first person to
see every kind of primate in the wild
for us to find his final promo
you'll need local expertise
[Music]
I can smell like most African monkeys
they're very good at hiding
[Music]
oh cool
yes number Stephanie not good spot
working on that for 49 years
[Music]
oh wow
funny-face plain-looking lucky
I asked tails great and this morning had
just about given up with all the rain
but we got these trackers are amazing
really good
[Music]
this is a really special animal Russ is
the first person to see every type of my
nightmare but he hopes he won't be the
last
they are like stimulating people to go
to remote places and engage with the
communities benefit the local economies
that's what it's all about
ecotourism and primate watching can
provide a new income for local
communities and an incentive to protect
pilots and their home it's clearly
demonstrating to local communities the
importance of these intact forests and
the key species that occur within them
our number one objective is to maintain
the current diversity of the order
primates zero extinctions if we can
replicate models like this across the
world we can save these species from
extinction
[Music]